Update UI Canvas properties [Resolves #1448] (#1570)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/user-interface/canvases/canvas-properties.md

| **Render to texture** | If enabled, the canvas is drawn to a texture rather than to the screen. When you select this property, you are prompted to enter a **Render target name** for the texture. You can enter any name, but the convention is to prefix the name with the `$` symbol to distinguish it from texture assets. | Boolean | `False` |

## Input Properties 

The following properties define how a canvas handles inputs:

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Handle positional** | Causes an automatic response to positional input such as mouse movement, mouse button clicks, and touch screen input. Keyboard inputs also cause an automatic response when an interactive UI element is active (such as an elemental with a **Text Input** component on it). <br><br> Common reasons to de-select this property are if the canvas doesn't require input, or if you configure your game to handle all inputs and pass selected inputs to the UI system.| Boolean | `True` |

> | **Consume all input** | If enabled, this canvas consumes *all* input events, regardless of whether the canvas handles a specific input event. For example, if you have canvas A covering canvas B, you probably don't want canvas B handling any input while canvas A is obstructing it, so you would select this property on canvas A. Modal dialog boxes are another example of a canvas that should have this property selected. <br><br> Note that anytime a canvas is loaded, if it's set to consume all input, then it steals the inputs from any other loaded canvas. This includes canvases that are set to consume all inputs themselves. | Boolean | `False` |

Reviewer: honestly unsure if "anytime" is correct here, but they say "any time" is always correct.

```suggestion
| **Consume all input** | If enabled, this canvas consumes *all* input events, regardless of whether the canvas handles a specific input event. For example, if you have canvas A covering canvas B, you probably don't want canvas B handling any input while canvas A is obstructing it, so you would select this property on canvas A. Modal dialog boxes are another example of a canvas that should have this property selected. <br><br> Note that any time a canvas is loaded, if it's set to consume all input, then it steals the inputs from any other loaded canvas. This includes canvases that are set to consume all inputs themselves. | Boolean | `False` |
```

Reviewer 2: "while" would also be a good choice here.

| **First focus element** | Displayed when **Handle navigation** is selected. **First focus element** specifies which element gains focus when a canvas is first loaded and a mouse is not detected. For more information about element navigation, see [First Focus Element](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/user-interface/components/interactive/properties/navigation/components-firstfocus). | UI Element | None |

## Tooltips Properties 

The following property defines how a canvas displays tooltips:
| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|

> | **Tooltip display element** | Controls which element the game displays when your users hover over an interactive element. Select an element from the drop-down list. This list is composed of the elements on your current canvas that contain the **TooltipDisplay** component. For more information about the **Tooltips** components, see [Tooltip Components](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/user-interface/components/components-tooltips). | UI Elements with a TooltipDisplay component. | None |

Reviewer: nit, the possessive adjective here struck me as odd.

```suggestion
| **Tooltip display element** | Controls which element the game displays when a user hovers over an interactive element. Select an element from the drop-down list. This list is composed of the elements on your current canvas that contain the **TooltipDisplay** component. For more information about the **Tooltips** components, see [Tooltip Components](/docs/user-guide/interactivity/user-interface/components/components-tooltips). | UI Elements with a TooltipDisplay component. | None |
```
